And now let's discuss the heat maps. A heat map is a data visualization
technique that shows magnitude of a phenomenon as a color in two
dimensions. Dark colors are usually used to indicate high values, while
light colors are used for lower values.
I will rename the sheet to HeatMap.
I will create a heat map to show how the actual sale price is affected
by the overall house condition and overall material quality. I will
click in heat map visualization type. In the rows, I will choose the
overall house condition. And in the columns, I will choose the overall
material condition. And for the values, I will choose the actual sale
price median.
It is the actual sale price, and I change the aggregate type to
median. Good. In the legend on the right,
we can see that the range of sale price is a gradient that
becomes darker as the sale price increases.
And as we can see on the left, as the overall material
quality and overall house condition increases, the boxes become darker, which indicates that the median sale price increases.